in the world of rock music
john norman howard was once the best but
he was burning out
and change yourself
who wanted more than success
they believe that strange
don't you want to that's not the point
so do i so we should do it together
look i never thought i'd get married
again you'd be lucky to have me i now
pronounce you men
white
i'm never gonna die fresh as the morning
found with you
like a rose
under the april snow
barbra streisand chris christopherson
a star is born
i don't want to do this to you anymore
well then fight for me
because if you keep walking
i hate you with one more look at you
and i'll hate you forever
i want i love you esther
one more
look at you
are you watching me now
barbra streisand chris christopherson
exclusively
a star is born
you